All right.
So we left off saying that we need to deliver javascript in a nice fashion so that we can have a fast
time to for as meaningful paint and time to interactive and we also talked about how we need to improve
the execution of our javascript wants sense on the page.
To start off we're going to focus on the beginning how to deliver javascript files in the most efficient
way possible.
You see modern web sites ship a lot of javascript.
It is common to bundle scripts into large files or a bundled file in a GDP one environments.
Kind of like this.
We just had one massive javascript file that was created by combining all our smaller ones and sending
it as soon as the user enters our website and then this javascript file would also work on the About
page if they go to the About page or maybe the contact page.
Now this was done because a large amount of requests where detrimental to your performance initially
however as JavaScript lines increased the files were becoming bigger and bigger and bigger.
So why ship javascript if a user won't need it until he or she visits a second page.
Maybe there's some javascript in here that only works in the About page or the contact page.
Why should we ship it.
If the user doesn't need it and doesn't ever visit the About page or the contact page that's a waste
of resource.
In addition with the new but slow down option of TTP to this is no longer the case to just ship all
the javascript in one go.
Often you want to ship multiple simultaneous requests which become much cheaper theoretically in here.
Modern apps shouldn't do this javascript benefits from being in small chunks to avoid locking up the
main threat.
And we can do this through something called Code splitting which allows us to reduce the amount of work
being done during the execution.
Let's see how that looks.
There you have it.
We call this code splitting or progressive bootstrapping.
We want to send down a minimally functional page composed of just a shemale javascript and as needed
for the current wrote the homepage.
And as more resources arrive the app can lazy load or unlock more features.
Maybe as a user clicks on the About page it can load up the javascript file or maybe wants the home
page is all loaded up and the browser isn't doing much work in the background while the user is visiting
the home page.
It can load up the About page javascript file end by splitting these up to each individual compartments
we give the browser less work to do.
By the way if you're wondering what this red javascript means well this is usually a vendor javascript.
For example if our Web page uses re-act Well we know that we need to react on every single page.
We can create this vendor file that also gets loaded and these are all the files of our third party
scripts that our entire website or our entire app needs.
And just a quick note on these third party libraries that all of us to use.
They usually have a production Bill in a production build is something that you can use that's much
faster than their development builds.
That means it's a file that's modified that removes any tools such as debugging tools that might come
with third party libraries.
And this comes out of the box with create react up.
We run NPM run built it will actually build the production version of react and react on.
So it excludes anything that we don't actually need and production if you're wondering how this works.
They're just simple if statements.
For example if you have our redux slugger that I showed you in the previous section where we're able
to log in the console all of our actions but in production you wouldn't really want that would you.
That is just actual lines of code.
And you also don't want all your actions being logged for the user.
So instead you'd say if the environment.
So if this is the production built then don't use the logger.
If it's the development build then use the longer just simple logics and Javascript but to go back to
our point we want to send down a minimally functional page composed of just Ishmail javascript and CSSA
that we need for the current page.
The current drought.
And as more resources arrive the app can lazy load and unlock more features and lazy loading means just
loading them after your page becomes interactive so that the user can feel like the app is fast and
in the next video we're going to try our hand at our own code splitting.
You know I said this law.
But it's going to be fun so I'll see in that one.
Babai.